
# NITP Web Team Task 3 (Round 1)

This Repository is about the Integration of Social Media feeds into the website allowing users to see the posts , videos and photos shared by a Particular Organisation / Person.

## Testing link : [https://webtask3.netlify.app/](https://webtask3.netlify.app/)

   For Testing :-
     - Instagram Account Used : My Personal Id
     - Youtube Account Used : Vista Nitp

## Overview

  I have used the Instagram Basic Display API for Instagram Feed and YouTube Data API v3 for Youtube Videos.


  Instagram Basic Display API :
	  - It returns all the details of the posts of the Organisation like Images link , Caption , User_name , Time of 		upload,Permanent Link and other details.
	  - The Unique Key needed for this API is the special token generated by creating a developer account on the 
      		"https://developers.facebook.com/".


  YouTube Data API v3 :
	  - It returns all the details of the Videos of a Particular desired Playlist like VideoId , Thumbnail , PlaylistId ,
               	ChannelId , description and date of upload.
	  - This API needs the unique ID of a particular Playlist as a Unique Key that can be Obtained by creating a project 		in the Google Cloud Console "https://console.cloud.google.com/" after some filtration according to the need.

  After fetching all the required data , these data is rendered by using map function and a card .
	

## Features

- Integrate Instagram and YouTube feeds into my website.
- Display the latest posts and videos dynamically.
- Allows the user to watch and Access the Posts and Videos directly on Website.


